PAN-OS - Block Domain - External Dynamic List - update deprecated task (#16577)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_PAN_OS_EDL_Management/ReleaseNotes/1_1_1.md

#### Playbooks
##### PAN-OS - Block Domain - External Dynamic List

> - Use the sub-playbook ***PAN-OS EDL Setup v3*** instead of ***PAN-OS EDL Setup***.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The playbook now uses the **PAN-OS EDL Setup v3** sub-playbook instead of the **PAN-OS EDL Setup** sub-playbook.
```
